docs/syft/org.openmined.syft.execution/-syft-job/index.md, before:

[syft](../../index.md) / [org.openmined.syft.execution](../index.md) / [SyftJob](./index.md)

# SyftJob

`@ExperimentalCoroutinesApi @ExperimentalUnsignedTypes class SyftJob`

### Parameters

`modelName` - : The model being trained or used in inference

`version` - : The version of the model with name modelName

### Properties

| Name | Summary |
|---|---|
| [modelName](model-name.md) | : The model being trained or used in inference`val modelName: `[`String`](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-string/index.html) |
| [version](version.md) | : The version of the model with name modelName`val version: `[`String`](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-string/index.html)`?` |

### Functions

| Name | Summary |
|---|---|
| [dispose](dispose.md) | Dispose the job. Once disposed, a job cannot be resumed again.`fun dispose(): `[`Unit`](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-unit/index.html) |
| [request](request.md) | Starts the job by asking syft worker to request for cycle. Initialises Socket connection if not initialised already.`suspend fun request(): `[`JobStatusMessage`](../-job-status-message/index.md) |
| [train](train.md) | `fun train(plans: `[`ConcurrentHashMap`](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/6/docs/api/java/util/concurrent/ConcurrentHashMap.html)`<`[`String`](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-string/index.html)`, `[`Plan`](../-plan/index.md)`>, clientConfig: `[`ClientConfig`](../../org.openmined.syft.networking.datamodels/-client-config/index.md)`, syftDataLoader: `[`SyftDataLoader`](../../org.openmined.syft.domain/-syft-data-loader/index.md)`, trainingParameters: `[`TrainingParameters`](../../org.openmined.syft.domain/-training-parameters/index.md)`): Flow<`[`TrainingState`](../-training-state/index.md)`>` |

### Companion Object Functions

| Name | Summary |
|---|---|
| [create](create.md) | Creates a new Syft Job`fun create(modelName: `[`String`](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-string/index.html)`, version: `[`String`](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-string/index.html)`? = null, worker: `[`Syft`](../../org.openmined.syft/-syft/index.md)`, config: `[`SyftConfiguration`](../../org.openmined.syft.domain/-syft-configuration/index.md)`): `[`SyftJob`](./index.md) |

Commit message:

Dataloader api (#291)
* add base files

* base dataloader api

* impl dataloader and update samplers

* update demo and add test cases for smaplers

* update dataloader example

* fix dataloder indices update, update training example

* refator dataloader classes, add unit tests

* add more unit tests

* merge dataloader api with coroutines, replace KTensor with pytorch tensor

* add reset to dataloader, make sampler injectable in dataloader

* update dataset return type

* Unique data source per job (#278)

* update job local datasource with helper function

add unit test for helper functions on job local data source

refine job repo

* refactor JobDataModel to JobId

* sperate job data sources

* sperate job data sources

update annotation

* add factory method to job repository

update job

update idea

udpate idea

* PR for auto doc update (#298)

Co-authored-by: vkkhare <vkkhare@users.noreply.github.com>

* update dataloader

* compose job specific info into jobModel, add AbstractDataLoader

* dataloader api

* add tests to data loader iterator

add docs

Co-authored-by: github-actions[bot] <41898282+github-actions[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: vkkhare <vkkhare@users.noreply.github.com>

docs/syft/org.openmined.syft.execution/-syft-job/index.md, after:

[syft](../../index.md) / [org.openmined.syft.execution](../index.md) / [SyftJob](./index.md)

# SyftJob

`@ExperimentalUnsignedTypes class SyftJob : Disposable`

### Parameters

`modelName` - : The model being trained or used in inference

`version` - : The version of the model with name modelName

### Types

| Name | Summary |
|---|---|
| [JobID](-job-i-d/index.md) | A uniquer identifier class for the job`data class JobID` |

### Properties

| Name | Summary |
|---|---|
| [jobId](job-id.md) | `val jobId: JobID` |

### Functions

| Name | Summary |
|---|---|
| [createDiff](create-diff.md) | Create a diff between the model parameters downloaded from the PyGrid with the current state of model parameters The diff is sent to [report](report.md) for sending it to PyGrid`fun createDiff(): `[`SyftState`](../../org.openmined.syft.proto/-syft-state/index.md) |
| [dispose](dispose.md) | Dispose the job. Once disposed, a job cannot be resumed again.`fun dispose(): `[`Unit`](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-unit/index.html) |
| [isDisposed](is-disposed.md) | Identifies if the job is already disposed`fun isDisposed(): `[`Boolean`](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-boolean/index.html) |
| [report](report.md) | Once training is finished submit the new model weights to PyGrid to complete the cycle`fun report(diff: `[`SyftState`](../../org.openmined.syft.proto/-syft-state/index.md)`): `[`Unit`](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-unit/index.html) |
| [start](start.md) | Starts the job by asking syft worker to request for cycle. Initialises Socket connection if not initialised already.`fun start(subscriber: `[`JobStatusSubscriber`](../-job-status-subscriber/index.md)` = JobStatusSubscriber()): `[`Unit`](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-unit/index.html) |
| [subscribe](subscribe.md) | This method can be called when the user needs to attach a listener to the job but do not wish to start it`fun subscribe(subscriber: `[`JobStatusSubscriber`](../-job-status-subscriber/index.md)`, schedulers: `[`ProcessSchedulers`](../../org.openmined.syft.threading/-process-schedulers/index.md)`): `[`Unit`](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-unit/index.html) |

### Companion Object Functions

| Name | Summary |
|---|---|
| [create](create.md) | Creates a new Syft Job`fun create(modelName: `[`String`](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-string/index.html)`, version: `[`String`](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-string/index.html)`? = null, worker: `[`Syft`](../../org.openmined.syft/-syft/index.md)`, config: `[`SyftConfiguration`](../../org.openmined.syft.domain/-syft-configuration/index.md)`): `[`SyftJob`](./index.md) |
