docs/syftlib/org.openmined.syft.networking.datamodels/-client-config/index.md, before:

[syftlib](../../index.md) / [org.openmined.syft.networking.datamodels](../index.md) / [ClientConfig](./index.md)

# ClientConfig

`data class ClientConfig`

### Constructors

| Name | Summary |
|---|---|
| [&lt;init&gt;](-init-.md) | `ClientConfig(modelName: `[`String`](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-string/index.html)`, modelVersion: `[`String`](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-string/index.html)`, batchSize: `[`Long`](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-long/index.html)`, lr: `[`Float`](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-float/index.html)`, maxUpdates: `[`Int`](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-int/index.html)`)` |

### Properties

| Name | Summary |
|---|---|
| [batchSize](batch-size.md) | `val batchSize: `[`Long`](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-long/index.html) |
| [lr](lr.md) | `val lr: `[`Float`](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-float/index.html) |
| [maxUpdates](max-updates.md) | `val maxUpdates: `[`Int`](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-int/index.html) |
| [modelName](model-name.md) | `val modelName: `[`String`](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-string/index.html) |
| [modelVersion](model-version.md) | `val modelVersion: `[`String`](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-string/index.html) |

Commit message:

General config (#233)
* added variable client config

* refactor plan

* regenerate the docs

* document Client Config

* correct doc references

* regenerate docs

* add tests for SyftModel

* add some more tests

docs/syftlib/org.openmined.syft.networking.datamodels/-client-config/index.md, after:

[syftlib](../../index.md) / [org.openmined.syft.networking.datamodels](../index.md) / [ClientConfig](./index.md)

# ClientConfig

`data class ClientConfig`

All the user defined parameters will be serialised and sent by the PyGrid in the form of [ClientConfig](./index.md)

### Constructors

| Name | Summary |
|---|---|
| [&lt;init&gt;](-init-.md) | All the user defined parameters will be serialised and sent by the PyGrid in the form of [ClientConfig](./index.md)`ClientConfig(properties: `[`ClientProperties`](../-client-properties/index.md)`, planArgs: `[`Map`](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin.collections/-map/index.html)`<`[`String`](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-string/index.html)`, `[`String`](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-string/index.html)`>)` |

### Properties

| Name | Summary |
|---|---|
| [planArgs](plan-args.md) | A [Map](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin.collections/-map/index.html) containing the keys and values of the hyper parameters of the model. All the values are serialized as string and the user must deserialize them at runtime.`val planArgs: `[`Map`](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin.collections/-map/index.html)`<`[`String`](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-string/index.html)`, `[`String`](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-string/index.html)`>` |
| [properties](properties.md) | Contains job specific descriptions. See [ClientProperties](../-client-properties/index.md)`val properties: `[`ClientProperties`](../-client-properties/index.md) |
