docs/syft/org.openmined.syft/-syft/index.md, before:

[syft](../../index.md) / [org.openmined.syft](../index.md) / [Syft](./index.md)

# Syft

`@ExperimentalCoroutinesApi @ExperimentalUnsignedTypes class Syft`

This is the main syft worker handling creation and deletion of jobs. This class is also responsible for monitoring device resources via DeviceMonitor

### Functions

| Name | Summary |
|---|---|
| [dispose](dispose.md) | Explicitly dispose off the worker. All the jobs running in the worker will be disposed off as well. Clears the current singleton worker instance so the immediately next [getInstance](get-instance.md) call creates a new syft worker`fun dispose(): `[`Unit`](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-unit/index.html) |
| [newJob](new-job.md) | Create a new job for the worker.`fun newJob(model: `[`String`](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-string/index.html)`, version: `[`String`](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-string/index.html)`? = null): `[`SyftJob`](../../org.openmined.syft.execution/-syft-job/index.md) |

### Companion Object Functions

| Name | Summary |
|---|---|
| [getCurrentInstance](get-current-instance.md) | `fun getCurrentInstance(): `[`Syft`](./index.md) |
| [getInstance](get-instance.md) | Only a single worker must be instantiated across an app lifecycle. The [getInstance](get-instance.md) ensures creation of the singleton object if needed or returns the already created worker. This method is thread safe so getInstance calls across threads do not suffer`fun getInstance(syftConfiguration: `[`SyftConfiguration`](../../org.openmined.syft.domain/-syft-configuration/index.md)`, authToken: `[`String`](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-string/index.html)`? = null): `[`Syft`](./index.md) |

Commit message:

Dataloader api (#291)
* add base files

* base dataloader api

* impl dataloader and update samplers

* update demo and add test cases for smaplers

* update dataloader example

* fix dataloder indices update, update training example

* refator dataloader classes, add unit tests

* add more unit tests

* merge dataloader api with coroutines, replace KTensor with pytorch tensor

* add reset to dataloader, make sampler injectable in dataloader

* update dataset return type

* Unique data source per job (#278)

* update job local datasource with helper function

add unit test for helper functions on job local data source

refine job repo

* refactor JobDataModel to JobId

* sperate job data sources

* sperate job data sources

update annotation

* add factory method to job repository

update job

update idea

udpate idea

* PR for auto doc update (#298)

Co-authored-by: vkkhare <vkkhare@users.noreply.github.com>

* update dataloader

* compose job specific info into jobModel, add AbstractDataLoader

* dataloader api

* add tests to data loader iterator

add docs

Co-authored-by: github-actions[bot] <41898282+github-actions[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: vkkhare <vkkhare@users.noreply.github.com>

docs/syft/org.openmined.syft/-syft/index.md, after:

[syft](../../index.md) / [org.openmined.syft](../index.md) / [Syft](./index.md)

# Syft

`@ExperimentalUnsignedTypes class Syft : Disposable`

This is the main syft worker handling creation and deletion of jobs. This class is also responsible for monitoring device resources via DeviceMonitor

### Functions

| Name | Summary |
|---|---|
| [dispose](dispose.md) | Explicitly dispose off the worker. All the jobs running in the worker will be disposed off as well. Clears the current singleton worker instance so the immediately next [getInstance](get-instance.md) call creates a new syft worker`fun dispose(): `[`Unit`](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-unit/index.html) |
| [isDisposed](is-disposed.md) | Check if the syft worker has been disposed`fun isDisposed(): `[`Boolean`](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-boolean/index.html) |
| [newJob](new-job.md) | Create a new job for the worker.`fun newJob(model: `[`String`](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-string/index.html)`, version: `[`String`](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-string/index.html)`? = null): `[`SyftJob`](../../org.openmined.syft.execution/-syft-job/index.md) |

### Companion Object Functions

| Name | Summary |
|---|---|
| [getInstance](get-instance.md) | Only a single worker must be instantiated across an app lifecycle. The [getInstance](get-instance.md) ensures creation of the singleton object if needed or returns the already created worker. This method is thread safe so getInstance calls across threads do not suffer`fun getInstance(syftConfiguration: `[`SyftConfiguration`](../../org.openmined.syft.domain/-syft-configuration/index.md)`, authToken: `[`String`](https://kotlinlang.org/api/latest/jvm/stdlib/kotlin/-string/index.html)`? = null): `[`Syft`](./index.md) |
